docs(android, player): add documentation for andriod player configura… (#1747)
doublesymmetry/react-native-track-player: docs/docs/api/objects/android-options.md

# AndroidOptions

Options available for the android player. All options are optional.

| Param | Type  | Default | Description |
|-------|-------|---------|-------------|

> | `appKilledPlaybackBehavior` | [`AppKilledPlaybackBehavior`](../constants/app-killed-playback-behavior.md) | [`ContinuePlayback`](../constants/app-killed-playback-behavior#continueplayback-default.md) | Whether the audio playback notification is also removed when the playback stops. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `appKilledPlaybackBehavior` | [`AppKilledPlaybackBehavior`](../constants/app-killed-playback-behavior.md) | [`ContinuePlayback`](../constants/app-killed-playback-behavior#continueplayback-default.md) | Define how the audio playback should behave to removing the app from recents (killing it). |
```
